How many coats do you have on?
Two please.
How many?
Just two please.
Mama how would you describe Grandad?
Huh?
How would you describe Grandad?
I can't describe him.
He's not what you'd expect from
an 82-year-old grandad.
He still kind of does everything
around the house.
He does all the gardening,
he runs a hiking club.
The hip ball and the socket sits over it like that.
Mine's basically like, instead of a ball
and a cup it's basically like a cube and a dish,
so mine sits on it like that.
And I'd be at work and get halfway through
the day and just
be crying in pain and not be able to carry on.
I can't bend over at the waist yet to grab
stuff so he has got me a grabber.
For him to be able to say: 'OK, well,
if no one's around then you can do this
and you can do that.'
It's useful cos they don't tell you stuff like that
when you leave hospital.
My nan developed quite bad arthritis
kind of younger than you usually would and
she will not leave the house
without red lipstick
and red nails, so for the last kind of
30-odd years he has been painting her nails.
He just offered to do mine.
I didn't even know that he did it, I was always
under the impression that she did it for herself
but apparently not.
Surprised me how good he was, it was better
than when I do them for myself really.
Where's the keys?
In my pocket so wait until I've done this.
Sorry?
I've got an important job at the moment.
I was like: 'Oh my god look at this!'
I was waking up in the middle of the night.
It has just gone crazy.
They're the least
technological grandparents in the world.
They don't have phones,
they've got one mobile phone that
they share between them
and I went to put credit on it once
and they hadn't topped it up since 2011.
I've had a couple of older women message me
asking if he's single.
Obviously he isn't cos you can hear my nan
in the background and
she gets a little bit jealous.
I don't think she's a massive fan of it.
They don't make them like him any more.
Everyone's been saying it, they said
they've kind of, they've given him too much
of all the good stuff and now it's all run out.